[PyTorch] use runMethod to replace forward function (#2234)
deepjavalibrary/djl: docs/pytorch/how_to_convert_your_model_to_torchscript.md

traced_script_module.save("traced_resnet_model.pt")
```

Then you can just use the saved model in DJL like all other models.

## Advanced case

In some cases, you may have a method name that is not `forward` in pytorch (HuggingFace) like one below:

```python
from transformers import CLIPModel, CLIPProcessor
import torch
from PIL import Image
import requests
model_name = "openai/clip-vit-base-patch32"

model = CLIPModel.from_pretrained(model_name, torchscript=True, return_dict=False)
processor = CLIPProcessor.from_pretrained(model_name)

test_text = "this is a cat"
text_inputs = processor(text=test_text, return_tensors="pt")
url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)
image_inputs = processor(images=image, return_tensors="pt")

converted = torch.jit.trace_module(model,  {'get_text_features': [text_inputs['input_ids'], text_inputs['attention_mask']],
                                            'get_image_features': [image_inputs['pixel_values']]})

torch.jit.save(converted, "cliptext.pt")
```

You can trace by using the `torch.traceModule` function. 

> To run inference with such model in DJL, you could offer a String NDArray like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run inference with such model in DJL, you could provide a place holder NDArray like below:
```

```

> NDArray array = NDManager.create("Hello");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NDArray array = NDManager.create("");
```

array.setName("module_method:get_text_features");
```

> to tell which entryPoint method you would like to use. The String NDArray will be wiped away during inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to tell which entryPoint method you would like to use. The place holder NDArray will NOT be used during inference.
```
